added real-client-ip faq (#11663)
kubernetes/ingress-nginx: docs/user-guide/miscellaneous.md

## Proxy Protocol

> If you are using a L4 proxy to forward the traffic to the INGRESS-NGINX pods and terminate HTTP/HTTPS there, you will lose the remote endpoint's IP address. To prevent this you could use the [Proxy Protocol](http://www.haproxy.org/download/1.5/doc/proxy-protocol.txt) for forwarding traffic, this will send the connection details before forwarding the actual TCP connection itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using an L4 proxy to forward the traffic to the Ingress NGINX Controller pods and terminate HTTP/HTTPS there, you will lose the remote endpoint's IP address. To prevent this you could use the [PROXY protocol](http://www.haproxy.org/download/1.5/doc/proxy-protocol.txt) for forwarding traffic, this will send the connection details before forwarding the actual TCP connection itself.
```

Author: changed as suggested
